  Colonel Martha S.H. VanDriel, U.S. Army
                                       ( 許和瑞先生愛女 )
                                           ◎ Martha VanDriel

     （編按 : Ms. Martha VanDriel 是南加州台美人社區領袖許和瑞先生的掌珠，許秀聰於 1991
  年畢業於西點軍校，是首位從西點軍校畢業的女性台裔美國人。她在校主修國際關係與國際
  戰略史，但分發到部隊後，卻與軍事情報工作結下不解之緣。由於她在這個領域取得了十分
  豐富的經驗，於 2011 年官拜中校的她，乃被委以剛成軍的 U.S. Army Cyber Command 的首
  任 Chief of Plans and Policy。2017 年 9 月，服務於美國軍旅已達 26 年之久的 Martha VanDriel
  上校從 Office of the Secretary of Defense 退休。她軍旅生涯的最後一個職位是 Office of the
  Principal Cyber Advisor 的主管，該辦公室統籌美國國防部轄下將近 30 個不同的網路作戰單
  位的人事與訓練。現在她被世界數一數二的大藥廠 Merck Pharmaceuticals 延攬，擔任該公司
  的 IT 風險管理部門負責人。)


  While many Taiwanese-Americans have
succeeded in a number of professional areas, very
few have joined the U.S. military, and even fewer
have chosen the U.S. military as a career. Martha
(Hsu) VanDriel is a notable exception. In 1991, she
became the first Taiwanese-American woman to
graduate from the U.S. Military Academy at West
Point , graduating in the top 10% of her class. She
then spent over 26 years as a U.S. Army officer,
excelling in numerous leadership positions and
eventually reaching the rank of Colonel. Her last           and without fear of persecution. Martha’s parents
assignment before she retired in September 2017             became U.S. citizens, and as their children grew,
was at the Office of the Secretary of Defense in the        they taught their children that they should always
Pentagon.                                                   be thankful that they lived in America .
   Martha’s parents came to the United States in               This experience made a deep impression on
the early 1960s as graduate students from Taiwan ,          Martha as she grew up in South Pasadena , CA ,
and they met and married in California . But even           where she excelled in high school. As a straight-A
before Martha was born, her father, Henry Hsu,              student, Academic Decathelon award winner, head
had written several letters to his family in Taiwan         cheerleader, editor of the school literary magazine,
that were critical of the ruling KMT government.            and swim team member, she was voted “Most
The government intercepted the letters, placed              Intelligent” and “Most Likely To Succeed” by
Henry on a blacklist, and harassed Henry’s family           her high school class. As she looked at potential
so badly that they told him, “For your safety, do           colleges to attend, many people encouraged her
not return to Taiwan . And for our safety, please do        to become a doctor, a lawyer, or an engineer –
not communicate with us any longer.” So Henry               the usual accepted occupations for many Asian
refocused his future on staying in the United States        Americans. But as Martha later noted, “I wanted
, where he could earn a living, raise his family in         to be different…I didn’t want to be typical. I felt
safety, and express his political views peacefully          that I had something to prove, and I wanted to gain

                                                       96

the respect of others. So when
I learned about West Point
and its famous graduates,
and how you couldn’t go
there just because you did
well academically; you had
t o d o w e l l a c a d e m i c a l l y,
physically, and leadership-
wise, I was intrigued. I also
wanted to give something
back to this country that had
given my family so much.”
But the difficult academic,
physical, and leadership
discipline at West Point also
scared Martha, because these
factors had historically caused
about 30% of each West Point
freshman class to drop out
before graduation. In the end,             Then-Lieutenant Colonel Martha Hsu VanDriel standing in front of the U.S.
Martha’s Christian faith led             Forces-Iraq Headquarters, Al Faw Palace, Camp Victory, Baghdad, in 2010.
her to accept West Point’s offer of admission: “I U.S. and South Korean soldiers as a Company
knew that this is where God wanted me to be, and Commander.
this helped me to stay at West Point , especially
when things were very difficult during my first                   After company command, Martha married
year there.”                                                   another  Army officer, Michael VanDriel, and was
                                                               accepted into an Army program that paid for her
   In 1991, Martha graduated in the top 10% of Master’s degree so that she could return to West
her West Point class with a Bachelor of Sciences Point to teach cadets. Therefore, in 2000, Martha
Degree in International Relations and International earned a M.A. in National Security Studies from
Strategic History, and she was commissioned as UNC-Chapel Hill, then returned to West Point
a Second Lieutenant in the Military Intelligence to teach International Relations, International
branch of the U.S. Army. Her early career was Security Studies, and the Politics and Strategy
marked by success, as she was the Honor Graduate of Cyberwarfare. During her assignment at
of her Military Intelligence Officer Basic Course West Point , she had two sons, Matthew and
and of several other training courses. However, it Micah; and also transferred from the Military
was also marked by overcoming fear and physical Intelligence branch into a new Strategy, Plans,
hardship, as Martha’s first assignment was at Fort and Policy branch. Because this branch was
Bragg, NC, which is known as “The Home of the related to her Masters degree and because she
Airborne” – meaning that Martha would have to enjoyed this area, Martha’s career flourished at
learn how to lead her soldiers while jumping out subsequent assignments over the next decade, as
of military airplanes. But Martha persevered, she developed and worked on contingency war
eventually becoming a “jumpmaster” and earning plans in South Korea , U.S. Pacific Command,
a Senior Parachutist badge. She would also deploy and Iraq . During this time, one of her most
to Haiti in 1994 during Operation UPHOLD noteworthy accomplishments occurred in March
DEMOCRACY, and then was subsequently 2011, when she was sent to Okinawa in response
assigned to South Korea , where she led over 100 to the tragic tsunami and nuclear emergency

                                                        97

in Japan . As a planner
f o r O p e r a t i o n PA C I F I C
PASSAGE, Martha was tasked
to help quickly develop a plan
for the emergency evacuation
of thousands of American
citizens from Tokyo in case
the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear
power plant melted down.
Her initiative to plan, create,
and write the main concept
of the evacuation plan under
severe time constraints earned
her a special award from her
commander. Fortunately, the
plan never had to be executed,
but Martha looked at this
                                       Ms. Martha Hsu VanDriel with her parents at her promotion ceremony to
experience as confirmation
                                     Colonel at the US Army Cyber Command Headquarters at Fort Belvoir, VA, in
that her decision to become
                                     2013
a U.S. Army officer was the
right one: “I believe that being an Army officer is her military career as a Taiwanese-American, she
my calling from God; there is a good purpose to said, “One of the things that I didn’t expect, but
my life and to what I am doing. I am so blessed; which I’m very thankful for, is how my graduation
how many other people can say the same?”                  from West Point has honored my parents. First, in
                                                          retrospect, I think most of my parents’ Taiwanese
   In 2011, now a Lieutenant Colonel, Martha was friends thought that my parents were a little crazy
assigned as the first-ever Chief of Plans and Policy to let me go to West Point . But for years now,
for the newly created U.S. Army Cyber Command when Taiwanese folks meet my parents for the
at Fort Belvoir , VA. Because of her integrating first time, many of them will say with admiration,
skills, she was tasked to lead the rapid multi-year “Oh, you’re the one whose daughter went to West
build of the Army’s 41 Cyber Mission Force teams, Point !” Second, over the years, I’ve come to
effectively coordinating across the organization understand that in America , going to West Point
and w ith mult ip le h ig h er an d s u b o r dina te is viewed as one of the highest forms of public
organizations, which resulted in the fielding of service to our country, so it has placed my parents
the Army’s first-ever operational cyberspace in a realm of respect among American society that
forces ahead of schedule. Her success led to her I didn’t expect. For example, when my father
promotion to Colonel and her assignment to the used to go jogging at our local high school running
Pentagon’s Office of the Secretary of Defense, track early in the morning, several times, complete
Office of the Principal Cyber Advisor, where she strangers would come up to him and say, ‘I heard
successfully coordinated across nearly 30 disparate from other joggers that your daughter went to West
organizations to resolve cyberspace manning, Point; how is she?’ So I am glad that in the end,
training, and readiness issues.                           this experience has given my parents the respect of
   In September 2017, Colonel Martha S.H. others and made them proud of me, and that is an
VanDriel retired from the U.S. Army after over incredibly wonderful blessing.”
26 years of service. When asked to reflect upon



                                                     98

Jack J. Chen, PharmD, FASCP, FCPhA, FCCP, BCPS, BCGP